#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.5
    # via openai
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
aniso8601==7.0.0
    # via graphene
anyio==4.0.0
    # via
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.1.0
    # via aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via posthog
blinker==1.6.2
    # via flask
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   pulsar-client
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
chroma-hnswlib==0.7.1
    # via chromadb
chromadb==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   flask
    #   nltk
    #   uvicorn
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
fastapi==0.99.1
    # via chromadb
filelock==3.12.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flask==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-graphql
flask-graphql==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via onnxruntime
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.9.2
    # via huggingface-hub
graphene==2.1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphene-federation
graphene-federation==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
graphql-core==2.3.2
    # via
    #   flask-graphql
    #   graphene
    #   graphql-relay
    #   graphql-server-core
graphql-relay==2.0.1
    # via graphene
graphql-server-core==1.2.0
    # via flask-graphql
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
httptools==0.6.0
    # via uvicorn
huggingface-hub==0.16.4
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-resources==6.1.0
    # via chromadb
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   torch
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
monotonic==1.6
    # via posthog
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
networkx==3.1
    # via torch
nltk==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
numpy==1.26.0
    # via
    #   chroma-hnswlib
    #   chromadb
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
onnxruntime==1.16.0
    # via chromadb
openai==0.28.1
    # via -r requirements.in
overrides==7.4.0
    # via chromadb
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   onnxruntime
    #   transformers
pandas==2.1.1
    # via chromadb
pillow==10.0.1
    # via torchvision
posthog==3.0.2
    # via chromadb
promise==2.3
    # via
    #   graphql-core
    #   graphql-relay
    #   graphql-server-core
protobuf==4.24.3
    # via onnxruntime
pulsar-client==3.3.0
    # via chromadb
pydantic==1.10.13
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   fastapi
pypdf2==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pypika==0.48.9
    # via chromadb
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   posthog
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via uvicorn
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
regex==2023.8.8
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   posthog
    #   tiktoken
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
rx==1.6.3
    # via graphql-core
safetensors==0.3.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.3.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.11.3
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.1.99
    # via sentence-transformers
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   graphene
    #   graphql-core
    #   graphql-relay
    #   posthog
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
starlette==0.27.0
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tokenizers==0.13.3
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   transformers
torch==2.0.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.15.2
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.33.3
    # via sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   torch
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.0.5
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.23.2
    # via chromadb
uvloop==0.17.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==0.20.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==11.0.3
    # via uvicorn
werkzeug==3.0.0
    # via flask
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
